what's going on guys so my name is Sam
table were filmed a new life 87 hold on
okay Dana life 87 today we're at the
warehouse and we're gonna do a
skateboarding for you so but first I
gotta warm up no here with Casey bechler
where's your head at we teach perfect
and we're going to do a little bit
skateboarding tricks for you so we can
film like a weird line Friday or
something you want first winter Wacky
Wednesday you ready so that's right okay
already OKC click on manual taller than
your options yeah it's to do keep
leaning back
great no comply slip duh every half
cabin capelet variation right right
right thank you fix me what else is it
Oh since coming
won't be video without it looking back
to heal right right
I think I think I need to take it down
the stairs actually let's go to that oh
my god Sam sign my board
hey what's going on YouTube I'm Sam
Tabor and we're skating what we call
Beal and it's going to be fun Oh